The Privacy Policy explains in detail what information MoveOn collects through the website www.moveon.com, how it uses and discloses it and the measures it takes to protect it. By visiting the website you are accepting the privacy practices and measures described in this Policy.

1. RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TREATMENT OF USERS PERSONAL DATA
The MoveOn company acts as the responsable of the personal data, providing below its contact details:

MoveOn
Mekelweg 5, 2628 CD Delft
Email: @tudelft.nl
Phone: +31 15 XXX XXXX


2. COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND CONSERVATION OF PERSONAL DATA
MoveOn may request the User to provide personal data, i.e. information provided by the User that allows MoveOn to identify and/or contact the User.

The personal data collected will be used by MoveOn within the scope of its legal competencies, with the purpose of divulging and promoting car-sharing services.

The data provided in the relationship established with MoveOn (name, gender, BTW, address, mobile telephone and e-mail) are treated in accordance with the applicable legal provisions, namely:
a) Treated in a legal, fair and transparent way;
b) Collected for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes;
c) Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date, with appropriate steps being taken to ensure that inaccurate or incomplete data are erased or rectified incomplete data, taking into account the purposes for which they were collected or for which they are further processed;
d) Kept in a way that allows the identification of its holders only for the period strictly necessary and within the legally permissible for the the purposes of collection or further processing.

In this context, MoveOn undertakes to ensure that the processing of the data collected will be done directly by it, although, occasionally, it may hire carefully selected third parties (namely, companies responsible for IT services, data centers, clouds, call centers) to perform tasks related to the processing of the data collected under its direction.

The use of the data for purposes or effects other than those stated above requires the express authorization of the owner, which shall be requested individually and autonomously.


3. COMMUNICATION OF PERSONAL DATA
MoveOn may transmit the member's data to other entities like insurance companies, which are strictly necessary to ensure the protection of the company customers.


4. COOKIES
When you visit our website, you will receive a "cookie" (a small packet of data sent to your browser) to be stored on your computer's hard drive. The purpose of using cookies is to identify you when you visit our website so that we can improve and personalize your online experience.

Most browsers automatically accept these files (Cookies), but you can delete them or set them to be automatically blocked.

In the menu of your browser you will find how to make these settings. You can also accept or not accept Cookies explicitly on the website. However, if you do not allow the use of cookies, there may be some features that you will not be able to use.


5. SECURITY
MoveOn adopts adequate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal data collected against accidental or unlawful loss, destruction or damage, as well as to ensure that the data provided is protected against access or use by unauthorized third parties, without prejudice to the disclosure described in Clause 2.


6. USER RIGHTS
Under the terms of the applicable legislation, the data subject is guaranteed the right to access, update, rectify or delete their personal data at any time, as well as the right to portability, limitation of processing and the right to oppose the use of the data, which may be exercised under the terms and through the contacts indicated in Clause 1.


7. COMPLAINTS
In the event of a breach of the applicable legislation on personal data protection, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with the CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis or another supervisory authority that may be competent in this regard.


8. CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We will keep this Policy up to date, so please check here periodically to keep abreast of any changes. If we change the Policy, we will make it available through the website and indicate the date of the last revision. Your continued use of the website after the revised Policy becomes effective indicates that you have read, understand and accept the current version of the Policy.
